## Recent Things, in no particular order

Car show season has started again and I went to [JapFest][0] on the 13th of
April. Took the Pentax and got a couple of rolls of film that I need to get
developed, pictures to come soon - including (hopefully) some decent action
shots from the Drift Kings show.

I finally got my TEAC Reference 300 series Hi-Fi system working and completely
set up. It's a blast to use and means I can play music on physical formats
without having to go on my phone and get distracted/pay for streaming services
(which are notoriously bad for artists - but that's possibly a full-featured
blog post for another date).

The whole system is as follows:

- A-H300 integrated amplifier
- PD-H300C CD player (with a Sony KSS-213C laser that I had to replace, and CD-R
  and CD-RW support)
- MD-H300 MiniDisc player
- R-H300 cassette deck
- T-H300DAB DAB/AM/FM tuner
  - I also have the non-DAB tuner, a T-H300, which I intend to shove a
    Pi Zero or equivalent inside, and turn into some kind of fully featured
    Bluetooth/Internet tuner.
- LS-300U bookshelf speakers, which are surprisingly punchy in the midrange -
  but do lack bass

I have finally collected all the 7th generation home video game consoles, thanks
to the generous donation of a PS3 phat through my dear friend Xav. This is one
of the ones without hardware PS2 backwards compatibility, as Sony culled the
Emotion Engine from CECHC (PAL) and later revisions. Not an issue for me as
my collection also encompasses all 6th generation consoles too - and I collect
the original models that retain all the interesting feature sets, like the
GameCube DOL-001 with digital AV out port, and PS2 with HDD slot. I'll make a
full-featured article about my collection at a later date, as I can also talk
about my AV switching (and make a fun diagram).

My boyfriend and I made a household budget for the first time, which was not fun
but needed doing and made me feel like my 30s are too close for comfort. :'( I'm
a real adult now!

[0]: https://www.fastcar.co.uk/japfest/
