## Previously on

I don't quite know how we're already halfway through April. Every year seems to
get faster and faster and I'm burned out far more quickly. Before you know it
it'll be 2027 and I'll be celebrating being 30.

I've got a 3D printer again, so I'm able to make a significant amount of
progress printing rack mounts for my 10" homelab/ server rack/network cabinet.
I've already made mounts for my Raspberry Pi Compute Module 4 (which will
run lightweight services such as Pi-hole), and for my Optiplex 3050 (which is
currently running ZigBee services and functioning as a dev box). Next up will be
drive bays and the prototypes of my 2U ITX system which will be the heavyweight
server intended to run Jellyfin and Copyparty. I quite enjoy cosplaying as a
sysadmin; in a former job I was an 'IT Systems Technician' which meant I got to
rack servers and punch cables. Maybe if I ever get symmetric >= 1Gbps Internet
service I'll host some game servers or something. I saw someone's Dockerfile
for a Halo CE (the old Gearbox PC port) dedicated server and that got filed away
onto my list.

Still making updates to this website, many behind-the-scenes (the Now pages
aren't on the RSS feed. Maybe I should have a separate feed for these?). I rid
the stylesheets of `flexbox` in favour of `grid`, which is nice. Post info boxes
now contain excerpts and have a bi-columnar layout, unless your screen is too
small - in which case they fold into one column and get light bordering.

I had some emails from people who stumbled upon my film scanning article, which
I replied to in earnest. If you have thought about emailing me and have held
off, please do send me an email; I like hearing your thoughts about what I've
written and your questions about my opinions!
